Another best practice that I'd recommend implementing is adding comments extensively to all of the code
that you want to be used for retrieval when you're using the At codebase command.
The reason why this works is that when you type in a query into at codebase.
So for example, if I load the chat window and then do at codebase, what's happening underneath the
hood is it's using the words after the At codebase and before the At codebase.
So if I was to say for example, what is the home component?
This gets translated into an embeddings query.
Now an embeddings query is a numerical representation of what that is.
But the interesting thing is that if we label our code with comments more extensively, that also gets
added into the embedding space when you're doing this at codebase retrieval step.
So adding comments directly into the code can be a great way of improving code base retrieval.
Now this can be quite manual, and you probably don't want to write comments by hand.
And that's where you could look inside of the GitHub repository, inside of the useful prompts for cursor
folder, and then use the generate comments to MD file.
So I'm just going to paste that in.
And then we can just command K over this and say I want you to generate comments and explain my code
as you write it.
And then essentially what we're doing is then just asking cursor to add comments onto this file.
And the reason why this works is because when these comments are actually added into the embedding space
for each individual file when you're using the codebase reference, let's view this visually so you
can get a better understanding as to how the codebase is actually working.
So what does my navigation component contain?
This query actually gets translated into a bunch of numbers, and then we compare all of these numbers
with previous numbers that we've stored in our code base.
So you can think of each individual file as a series of numbers.
And each of these embeddings contains a spatial representation of what that document means.
Now if we add on comments, we create different types of contextualized embeddings, which is going
to have an impact on what type of documents are retrieved.
So you can see here we have our code base.
We have a query called what does my navigation component contain.
These embeddings are matched against the similarity of other documents inside the code base.
That's normally done using the dot product.
Let's say there's two documents that answer the question.
These are then provided to any LLM.
So ChatGPT or Claude.
And then it gives that final answer.
So basically at this layer by adding comments to the individual files you can change the embeddings
that are created which will affect what type of similar documents come back when you have these types
of queries.
In the next video, we'll have a look at how you can add key phrases to any prompt to improve the output
that you get when using cursor.